Bump @docusaurus/preset-classic from 2.1.0 to 2.2.0 (#19)
flipt-io/docs: configuration/overview.mdx

| db.max_idle_conn     | The maximum number of connections in the idle connection pool                             | 2                            | v0.17.0 |
| db.max_open_conn     | The maximum number of open connections to the database                                    | unlimited                    | v0.17.0 |
| db.conn_max_lifetime | Sets the maximum amount of time in which a connection can be reused                       | unlimited                    | v0.17.0 |

### Authentication

| Property                              | Description                                                   | Default | Since   |
| --------------------------------------| ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ------- |
| authentication.required               | Enable or disable authentication validation on requests       | false   | v1.15.0 |
| authentication.session.domain         | Public domain on which Flipt instance is hosted               |         | v1.17.0 |
| authentication.session.secure         | Configures the `Secure` property on created session cookies   | false   | v1.17.0 |

> | authentication.session.state_lifetime | Configures the lifetime of state parameters during oauth flow | 10m     | v1.17.0 |

Reviewer: should this say `OAuth` flow? or `auth` flow?

Reviewer 2: `OAuth`. I will amend. 👍

> | authentication.session.state_lifetime | Configures the lifetime of state parameters during oauth flow | 10m     | v1.17.0 |

Reviewer: `authentication.session.state_lifetime` is in here twice (once above also)

Reviewer 2: Weird, I remember writing the `token_lifetime`. I bet I fudged it with pressing `u` in vim.

| authentication.session.csrf.key       | Secret credential used to sign CSRF prevention tokens         |         | v1.17.0 |

#### Authentication Methods: Token

| Property                                          | Description                                            | Default | Since   |
| --------------------------------------------------| -------------------------------------------------------| ------- | ------- |
| authentication.methods.token.enabled              | Enable static token creation                           | false   | v1.15.0 |
| authentication.methods.token.cleanup.interval     | Interval between deletion of expired tokens            | 1h      | v1.16.0 |

> | authentication.methods.token.cleanup.grace_period | How expired a token can become before it is deleteable | 30m     | v1.16.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| authentication.methods.token.cleanup.grace_period | How long an expired token can exist until considered deletable  | 30m     | v1.16.0 |
```

#### Authentication Methods: OIDC

| Property                                                          | Description                                                   | Default | Since   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ------- |
| authentication.methods.oidc.enabled                               | Enable OIDC authentication                                    | false   | v1.17.0 |
| authentication.methods.oidc.cleanup.interval                      | Interval between deletion of expired tokens                   | 1h      | v1.17.0 |

> | authentication.methods.oidc.cleanup.grace_period                  | How expired a token can become before it is deleteable        | 30m     | v1.17.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| authentication.methods.oidc.cleanup.grace_period                  | How long an expired token can exist until considered deletable        | 30m     | v1.17.0 |
```
